Add bursary content to subject pages (#4242)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/explore-subjects/languages.md

title_paragraph: |-
  <p>
  Learning a language teaches pupils more than just grammar and vocabulary. As a languages teacher, you'll help pupils gain a greater appreciation and understanding of the world.</p>
  <p>

>   Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ or scholarships of $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ are available for eligible trainee languages teachers.</p>

Reviewer: This isn't correct @emmaachesongray - scholarships are only available for French, German and Spanish (if eligible). This will need rewording

>   Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesother$ are availabe for eligilbe trainee teachers in all languages. For French, German and Spanish trainee teachers, tax-free scholarships of $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ are available.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesother$ are available for eligible trainee teachers in all languages. For eligible French, German and Spanish trainee teachers, tax-free scholarships of $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ are available.</p>
```

Also - would it be clearer to split into separate paras? But your call @emmaachesongray
